Dx diagram new api descriptions (#416)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/dxDiagram/1 Configuration/propertiesPanel/tabs/title.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies a title of the tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the tab's title.
```

---

> The title and a tab header are not displayed when there is only one tab in the Properties panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Titles and tab headers are not displayed when there is only one tab in the Properties panel.
```
